As I mentioned, three or four times now in the last two videos right here, the code, we have to sign
up and then get the cookie and make a follow up request.
Definitely works.
But remember on Future Services, we're going to have to be making authenticated requests a ton in all
of our different test files.
And if we have to go through the same setup every single time, that's going to get really old really
quickly.
So in this video, we're going to build a little helper function that's going to allow us to very easily
sign up for some account and then make a follow up request using that account's cookie.
So to put this little helper function together, I'm going to find the test directory.
I'll find the setup file inside there.
We're going to write out a global function inside this file.
So this is going to be a function assigned to the global scope.
So we can very easily use it from all of our different test files.
You do not have to use a global function for this.
I am just doing it for convenience so I do not have to add in very repetitive import statements into
all of my different test files at the top.
If you do not want to use a global function, you could always create a separate file inside this text
directory and call it something like Off Helper or something like that, and put the function we're
about to write inside there and export it and then import it into any relevant test file.
So again, I am only making this into a global function or a global scope function just for ease of
use.
That is it.
The other thing I want to mention is that this global sign in function or sign up function is not going
to be available inside of our normal application code because we are going to define it inside the setup
file.
It will only be available inside of our app in the test environment.
All right.
So I'm going to go down to the bottom and I'm going to create a globally scoped function called in.
I'm going to mark this thing as being async.
You'll notice I get an air right away from signing right here.
That's because TypeScript is saying, hey, on the global variable or the global scope.
In Node.js, there is no function called sign in or no property called sign in.
We're going to fix that up in just a moment.
But for right now, let's put together some implementation for this thing.
So inside of here at the very top, I'm going to define some email.
And some password.
Now we're going to try to authenticate with.
So after getting the email and password right there.
Well, then attempt to make a request off and sign up as this user with that email and that password.
So inside of here, I'm going to say const response is a weight.
We'll make a request to our app.
I'm going to make a post request to API users sign up.
I'm going to send along the email and the password.
And then again, it is not required for us to make an expectation about the response or the status code
that comes out of this.
But I'll do it anyways just to make sure that the sign up went as expected.
So I'm going to expect to get back a201.
Right away.
We are getting an air out of request right here because we have not imported it into this file.
Let's go up to the top and import request very quickly.
So at the top I will import request from super test.
You'll notice now that we are also finally making use of the app import that we had added in previously.
Okay.
So now back down here.
We're going to once again take a look at that response and pull our authentication cookie out of it.
We'll say down here, Collins, cookie is response.
Dot, get set, cookie.
Now we want to take that cookie right there and somehow make it really easy to use inside of some follow
up request.
There's definitely two ways we could do this.
We could either simply return the cookie.
And if we did that, then back inside of any given test file, all we'd really have to do is replace
all of that stuff right there.
And that it's something like.
This.
Now, of course, we are getting an error around.
Sign up.
We'll fix that in just a moment.
But this is definitely one way to handle this.
So any time we need to make an authenticated request, we'll get some cookie and then we can make our
follow up request, just making sure that we set that cookie properly on the request itself.
Well, I think that this is totally appropriate right here.
Okay.
So I'm going to go back over to the setup file.
I'm going to save this.
We're going to make sure that we tell TypeScript that there is a global sign in property.
So to do so, I'm going to go up to the top of the file.
And up here, I'm going to write out a little bit of TypeScript code just to tell TypeScript that there
is some global property called Sign Up.
So we're going to write out Declare Global.
Namespace node.
JS make sure you've got capital JS on there.
Interface Global.
So notice that this looks very similar to that little interface augmentation that we did previously
when we were working with Express.
So inside of this global interface, which has already been defined, we are just adding some additional
properties to it.
We're going to say that there is an additional property that is called sign in.
So I'll put sign in.
Well then say that this is going to be a function that is going to return a promise.
And that promise is going to resolve itself with a cookie.
And to be precise on what a cookie is, it's an array of strings.
So we're going to say that this promise is going to eventually resolve itself, which we resolve with
a value of.
Type.
Array of string.
So that's how we indicate a promise that's going to resolve with some kind of value.
Okay.
So we can now save this.
I'm going to go back down to the bottom.
And you'll notice that era has now gone away completely.
I'll go back over to current user.
You'll notice that I made a little mistake in the name of the function right here.
Over here.
I called it sign up.
But over inside the test or the setup file, I called it sign in.
Either one is totally fine.
Technically, we are doing a sign up operation as opposed to sign in.
Maybe even a better name for this would be something like Get cookie or get off cookie.
We'll just stick with sign in.
That's good enough for now.
Now.
I'm still getting an air out of that.
Why is that?
So I'm pretty sure that this is an issue.
Oh, excuse me.
Global.
Sign in.
My mistake.
All right.
There we go.
So again, we are using this global thing right here just to avoid an additional import statement at
the top.
Again, if you don't like this, just go ahead and move that sign in function to a separate file and
then import it into the test file.
All right, so let's save this.
I'm going to flip back over to my terminal.
Check my tests.
And we are good to go.
All right.
So that's pretty much it.
So now we can start to take that sign in function and we're going to eventually move it around to a
couple of other services.
So we eventually put together and start to test as well.
Kids.
This looks pretty good.
I would like to put together one last test around current user and make sure that if we make a request
while not authenticated, we get back.
Undefined or null is what it should be as our current user.
In response.
Let's take care of that last test in just a moment.